README.md, before:

# EasySave - Group-1

## Software Engineering Project

This is the English version of our README. A French version is available under the name "README", it provides the same presentations and is located in the main folder. Below the French version available :

[![alt text](docs/images/drapeau_fr.png)](https://github.com/alexisP3011/EasySave-Group-1/blob/main/docs/translation/README.fr.md)

## Our Team Introduction

Our project team consists of 4 members, one of whom is the team leader :

    - Isrâ BOUDEMAGH
    
    - Clément EVANGELISTI

    - Elrazi KOULA (the team leader)

    - Alexis PEIFFER

## Project Context

<div align="justify"> As part of our integration at ProSoft, we are currently developing <strong>EasySave</strong>, a backup program designed specially for companies. The goal here is to provide a secure, easy-to-configure, and reliable solution to backing up sensitive data. EasySave will include features such as backups, log management, and a user-friendly interface. </div>

## Expected Deliverables

The different deliverables to achieve for this project are :

    - A 1.0 version of the EasySave software along with the corresponding UML diagrams

    - A 2.0 and 1.1 version of the software, also with the diagrams reflecting their evolution

    - A 3.0 version of EasySave with the UML diagrams showing its future development

## Mock-up

To get an idea of our application's design, several mock-ups have been created: one for the general application interface, one for the confirmation screen, one for the settings, and one for the creation and editing of backup tasks. Below is the link to these mock-ups compiled in a single document:

    https://www.figma.com/design/mF6QdLJERaRxIspwt3JM0Y/Mockups---G%C3%A9nie-logiciel?node-id=0-1&t=NF5VH2sy4X5RcmG0-1

Commit message:

Addition of the Deliverable 1 Diagrams + explanation in README

README.md, after:

# EasySave - Group-1

## Software Engineering Project

This is the English version of our README. A French version is available under the name "README", it provides the same presentations and is located in the main folder. Below the French version available :

[![alt text](docs/images/drapeau_fr.png)](https://github.com/alexisP3011/EasySave-Group-1/blob/main/docs/translation/README.fr.md)

## Our Team Introduction

Our project team consists of 4 members, one of whom is the team leader :

    - Isrâ BOUDEMAGH
    
    - Clément EVANGELISTI

    - Elrazi KOULA (the team leader)

    - Alexis PEIFFER

## Project Context

<div align="justify"> As part of our integration at ProSoft, we are currently developing <strong>EasySave</strong>, a backup program designed specially for companies. The goal here is to provide a secure, easy-to-configure, and reliable solution to backing up sensitive data. EasySave will include features such as backups, log management, and a user-friendly interface. </div>

## Expected Deliverables

The different deliverables to achieve for this project are :

    - A 1.0 version of the EasySave software along with the corresponding UML diagrams

    - A 2.0 and 1.1 version of the software, also with the diagrams reflecting their evolution

    - A 3.0 version of EasySave with the UML diagrams showing its future development

## UML

For this section, we had to create various diagrams:

    - Use Case Diagram

    - Sequence Diagram

    - Activity Diagram

    - Class Diagram

These diagrams were created using Visual Paradigm and were all included in the .docx deliverables they correspond to. Nevertheless, you can find below a link to each diagram created during the project.

## Mock-up

To get an idea of our application's design, several mock-ups have been created: one for the general application interface, one for the confirmation screen, one for the settings, and one for the creation and editing of backup tasks. Below is the link to these mock-ups compiled in a single document:

    https://www.figma.com/design/mF6QdLJERaRxIspwt3JM0Y/Mockups---G%C3%A9nie-logiciel?node-id=0-1&t=NF5VH2sy4X5RcmG0-1
